(Add snow leopard, but make it docile)
"This is bad, bad, very bad"

Millenia ago, there existed an ancient dynasty that ruled across the great mountain ranges in the Himalayas. It was governed by a woman said to possess magical and mystical powers, a Queen, a Goddess, or a witch. She had a daughter, who similarly gifted, but unlike the reclusive mother who supposedly never left her throne room, the daughter was personable. Together they formed two halves of ruling, the pragmatic and distant, and the close and personal.

But in those times, entities of pure evil still roamed the earth, demons, beasts, dark magic. Though this dynasty had driven back much of this darkness, it did so with little thought for the world beyond. Out there, in the darkness, loomed a spirit of pure evil. Cerepheta, looked at the dynasty atop the mountains and desired its fall.

Sensing a weakness in the daughter, he fashioned one of his minions, Haraya, into female form and sent her to seduce the daughter. Taken in by the charm of Haraya, the daughter fell deeply in love. And so to, did Haraya. Outside of the darkness that Cerepheta's orbit created, Haraya was able see the beauty, and the wonder of a world without darkness.

Enraged, Cerepheta kidnapped Haraya from this ancient dynasty imprisoning the demon as an example to all who might fail to obey in future. The daughter, pining for her lost love mounts an army of unimaginable size, to drive through the darkness and strike at the very heart of Cerepheta's dominion.

The daughter, the army and her lieutenants carve a path through the darkness to a basin, far to the north and the west, across mountains and seas, encircling the beastly Cerepheta in their seat of power. As the army beseiges Cerepheta's fortress, the daughter and her lieutenants breach the throne room, engaging in a bloody and cursed battle.

Cerepheta's unimaginable power, proved near fatal for the daughter and her lieutenants as the struggled to release the imprisoned Haraya and as they lay defeat, and Cerepheta's sword loomed large over the head of the daughter, death seemed certain.

Until a blast of light filled the room, and Cerepheta was blinded. The mother, in fear for her daughter's life had left the distance of her throne, to fight for her life. Cerepheta was defeated and imprisoned in the very seat of power they had built for themselves. The basin was enchanted with many powerful spells and traps to keep the darkness and demons that once spewed forth from it at bay, and Haraya and the Daughter were reunited.

Level 3 charm task: You convince him that you are not part of the evil forces trying to unlock this temple and release the demon

Level 4 magic task: You manage to use your abilities to overcome the magic holding the door shut and make entrance to the main shrine 