Item No. MOOA8113, 8114 & 8115. M.O.O.A. Person of interest justification report. follow-up surveillance reports & recovered field reports to Lord Williams authored by Meg Z, born 1838, China.

PoI Justification Report, 3rd March, 1855. It is the view of this officer that Ms Z should be considered a person of interest to this office, despite her young age, her substantial power as an individual with supernatural abilities make her a potential threat to crown interests. It is not immediately clear from surveillance conducted if she has fully realised these abilities yet and as such we recommend seeking a warrant for surveillance.

Field Report, December 1856. I have despatched of the smuggler as requested. They died from an impact fall after a railing gave way in their home. There is no evidence of foul play. I have also recovered the records you requested from the study. There is nothing to link the movement of goods through plymouth to you, Lord.

PoI Surveillance Report, 13th March, 1857. Subject has recovered a potential item of occult nature. Though item cannot be identified due to the visual range of the subject, equipment supplied to field operatives did detect spectral energy consistent with occult objects

Field Report, 13th March, 1857. Lord, the raid was unsuccessful. Gaining entry to the abode was trivial but it seems that they had anticipated my arrival. I was unable to locate any items that meet the description provided. Further searching revealed no evidence as the whereabouts of the individual you sought.

Field Report, 10th February, 1858. Lord, Ms K's crew and I have successfully made it to the first site of interest. I do not feel that observation of one your smugglers is the best utilisation of my skills. Ms K is clearly a talented smuggler, and as far as is possible to infer, has no interest in retaining any of the items you've sent her to acquire

PoI Surveillance Report, 20th May, 1858. Despite expressing displeasure at being assigned surveillance duty, field operatives in colonial interests report that the subject is meshing well with the crew and is very socialable with Ms K, despite stern tone in intercepted field reports.

Field Report, 12th August, 1858. Lord, Ms K's cousin, Athirai joined our crew today. I am concerned that her abilities may allow her to detect my own abilities. I would seek to disembark at the next port and find my own passage back to London.

PoI Surveillance Report, 14th August, 1858. The initial hesitance at the arrival of Ms K's cousin seems to have been allayed. Both individuals appear to demonstrate supernatural abilities and whilst the wider crew is unaware of it, it seems that Ms K, Ms Z and the new subject are mutually aware of these abilities.

PoI Surveillance Report, 11th August, 1859, Ms K, Ms Z and Athirai set out for the wedding of Lord Williams' brother today, they should arrive by foot on Saturday 13th, the evening before.