Item No. MOOA8452. Extracts from unfinished manuscript on Occult Archaeology, Aubrey H, Born 1837, St Bartholomew's, London

Ch. 1, Pg. 5, "My first interest in archaeology was spurned as a child visiting the exhibits of the British Museum. Our residence was outside the museum in Russell Square and I would make frequent trips at weekends to explore the halls and look at the various artifacts it houses."

Ch. 1, Pg 13, "The museum offered me full time employment as an archivist at 16, whilst many artifacts where large and compromised of hardy minerals and metals, some were more delicate and required a more deft touch in their manipulation"

Ch. 2, Pg 34. "Lord Williams of Chelsea was a regular patron of the museum and would frequently visit us in acquisitions to inspect newly arrived items. It was his third visit during my work hours that he started asking about items we believed to be linked to the occult. The Head of Acquisitions, Mr Miller, politely but firmly dismissed any link between the artifacts we hold and the supernatural. Still, I thought further investigation was required before Lord Williams ideas were dismissed completely."

Ch 2. Pg 42. "Three weeks after Lord Williams last heated visit to the museum in which he stormed off, I was working late when I heard noises from one of the secured storage vaults. Whilst I normally avoid entering the vault without another archivist, I felt the noises merited attention. As I open the case, a bright green unnatural glow burst forth and I was what seemed like momentary blinded. As I looked to my pocketwatch, it recorded the time as an hour past midnight. Returning to my desk I confirmed that three hours which I could not recall had passed."

Ch 3. Pg 57, "I visited Lord Williams on the night of July 20th, 1855 to discuss his interest in the occult. It was seven nights since my encounter with the glow, and although I failed to replicate that night I was certain of what I saw. His office was an unfettered emporium of artifacts, but hardly treated with the same care we afford them at the museum, instead, they seemed... used."

Ch 4. Pg 82, "Lord Williams and I had been discussing occult finds across the Americas, Eurasia and Africa for nearly a year, and yet the motives for his curiosity still escaped me. He seemed frustrated that he has yet to find what he sought, and engaged a ship and a privateer in his quest for occult knowledge. It was this day, our last discussion, upon which I decided to make notes for this manuscript."

Ch 5. Pg 101, "Our correspondence stopped six months into his voyage. With no news back from across the Atlantic I continued my work at the museum. I trained with the Bow and arrow for self-defense. I had moved into my own accommadation and developed a desire to lead an expedition to the Caribbean to investigate the occult interests that may have led to Lord Williams demise"

Ch 6. Pg. 122, "It was a warm July evening when a woman in the employ of Lord Williams knocked at my door and delivered a letter with the signature wax seal that I had grown to recognise through correspondence. I had heard no news of his voyage, and received no contact upon his return, and yet here before me was an invite to his brother's wedding. I found a most strange turn of events."


