Item No. MOOA8452. Notes of Aleksandra E, Born 1837, Location Unknown

C. August 1853. I write this in the hopes that it will find my family should anything happen during my voyage. I have chosen to travel to London, knowing that Vienna offers little hope of allowing me to pursue work as a pianist as I so desire.

C. December 1853. I have arrived in London and traded the last of the Jewellery I left with for lodgings. Still, the residence itself has a piano and despite its poor condition has offered me a chance to play, if only for respite.

C. February 1854 I have taken work at the Opera House in the hopes that I might convince one of the individuals of my desire to practice my talents in live performance. Still I must keep my resolve. Returning to Vienna would surely mean the end of these dreams

C. December 1856. It is the third anniversary of my flight to London and whilst I have yet to acquire full time gainful employment as a pianist, I have on occasion secured individual performances that have provided somewhat sufficient income to keep me sustained. In the meantime I have taken to couriering messages between the many institutions that occupy Westminster and the City.

March 13th, 1857. I walked along the North bank this morning, to get some fresh air before the factories and various engines start to fog the city. As I rounded the corner towards parliament, there was a red notebook just sat on the path. No owner in sight and nothing written in it. I have taken it and intend to use it to hold me musings and compositions

C. February 1858. I spoke with a gentleman in the flower markets today. Or perhaps more accurately he spoke with me. He seemed kind for a privateer. I only met a couple as I made use of the port at Calais for my journey across The Channel. Still, this may be the stroke of luck I have been looking for. His employer is open to entertaining an audition.

C. June 1859. Enrique seems concerned by the invite to attend the wedding of Lord Williams' brother. I see it as an opportunity to perform for a larger audience of the wealthy and elite that occupy much of the social scene here in England.