Item No. MOOA9211. Correspondences of Sandy D, Born 1839, Northern China

August 10th, 1852. Grandmother, London is foul. The air is putrid, the river is dirty, I often get mean looks as I explore during the afternoons. I know Father's work has brought him here, but London is not my home. Three boys attacked me yesterday, I was able to fend them off and bloodied one nose.

May 13th, 1853. London is getting warmer now, Auntie. Still, I don't think you or uncle would like it here. I was exploring the market yesterday when I found this necklace. It seemed to have a orange mist or cloud form around it. Still maybe I imagined it, given how smoky the London air is. I bought it off the trader because it reminds me of the jewellery you wear. I've enclosed a sketch

September 20th, 1853. Ana, how is Moscow? It has been two months since you moved and it has become difficult to find people to accompany me on midnight excursions into the city. I have cut my hair short and bought a wrap, such that I might disguise my gender and roam more safely in the night. I was at Camden Loch the other day at an unregulated boxing night. I put down for a fight in the light weight category and knocked this short stocky man flat. I feel exhilarated.

January 25th, 1854. I know you think me touched in the head from all these fights, but I am certain this necklace is giving me a source of strength other fighters simply don't possess. Oh Ana, I do hope you return soon. I have been making something of a name for my fictional identity

Undated C. 1857. Mother, it heartens me to know you and Father are safely returned. I know the voyage from London can be long and bring ill health. I know you wished for me to join you, but despite my childhood reticence, London, for all its faults, is my home. I have purchased a small residence on the King's way, with the money I am making from my art.

May 24th, 1858. Lord Williams. Your offer the other day was most surprising. It may have been foolish of me to believe that my identity could remain concealed for so long, but an offer of employment was not an outcome I was expecting. I wish to accept the offer to take part in your tournament on the condition that my identity remains in our shared confidence

July 8th, 1859. Ms D, my brother is to marry next month, and as such there will be a lavish wedding, with many well connected guests. I wish for you to join me as one of my guests, so that I might introduce you to some associate whom I believe may be of use to your career.