Item No. MOOA8253. Crew Journal of Enrique N (abridged), Born 1836, Cuba [Unverified]

August 8th, 1854. We have been told to keep journals, should the ship go down, so this is the start of mine. I signed on to this crew in drunken haze after a late night burning the candle at both ends with my cousin. We were given no training, no equipment, simply brought on board, sobered up and told to practice for a fight in case we're boarded. I found an old rapier below deck. It felt like it was calling to me. I just hope I don't have to use it

October 20th, 1854. We have made port in Brest. I have never ventured to Europe before, yet here I am. Our voyage was uneventful and the many sacks of raw coffee beans were delivered to a some fatuous merchant whose only concern was how much our lives were costing him whilst on board. Still, I won a pistol in a drinking game with some other privateers in port

July 13th, 1855. We made land in Haiti two nights ago. Two crewmates and I ventured in land to a village where we were told we might find some stronger intoxicants. We inhaled a strong pungent smoke, and the rest was a blur. There was, perhaps, some kind of chant performed by what seemed like a shaman, or a witch. Still the events were a blur.

November 21st, 1855. We were boarded today. As I was fending off one of the sword wielding thugs, another had a clear shot of my body with their sidearm. I can still hear the sound ricochet in my ear. The impact like a thousand hornets stinging a single point. Yet no blood, no wound. I dare not try again, but I am certain some indescribable force prevent that bullet from ending me

March 28th, 1856. We landed in Portsmouth again today. A wretched place, foggy and full of all class of low life and villainy. Which gave great contrast the gentleman I encounter making my way back to my lodging. Lord Williams, as he referred to himself, has asked that I accompany him as he voyages to the Caribbean in search of specific artifacts. The pay is good and I have yet to secure any other passage so I have accepted.

January 3rd, 1857. It has been nearly nine moons since I undertook this voyage with Lord Williams and though we have visited Haiti, Cuba, Trinidad, Jamaica and countless other islands, I can scarcely recall a time in which he was sober enough to have recorded any information. Alas, his cup runneth over, and in doing so keeps myself and the crew in steady supply of our own liquor.

July 10th, 1857. We fled back to the boats in a panic today, Lord Williams craddling what looked like a stone tablet after making land on yet another unnamed piece of dirt. Still, I felt an arrow impact me from behind as we fled but saw no immediate signs of wounding.

February 7th 1858, The voyage is completed, and despite several close encounters my employer did not sustain any significant injuries. He's offered me a position as his personal bodyguard, though I am not a fan of London or it's putrid environment. Still I have found a kindred spirit in its flower markets, Aleks.

June 6th, 1859, Aleks and I have been invited to accompany Lord Williams to the wedding of his brother. The request itself is not unusual, I accompany Lord WIlliams many places as his protection, yet this request seemed different