Item No. MOOA1283: Diary of Shayagi K (abridged), Born 1839, Unnamed Fishing Boat, Pacific/Indian Ocean boundary.

August 13th, 1852. I found something. We made port in Singapore in the afternoon, Mother and Father sent Athirai and I out to explore whilst they sold today's catch. We were playing in the docks when I found this hidden compartment on a crate. It had this beautiful latticed ring in. I slipped it in my pocket, before Athirai tricked me into giving it to her

September 21st, 1852. Athirai went home today. I know it'll be a while until we see each other again. I got really upset and the ring started to glow and there was this coloured fog, then one of Mother's glasses shattered. She's going to kill me if she finds it

April 22nd, 1853. I'm really scared. We're in port in Chennai whilst the boat gets storm damage repaired. This British brute grabbed my wrist and must have recognised the ring. Then this creepy man with slicked back hair and a moustache offered me some money to take this mask to Shanghai. We're going that way next so I took it.

November 31st, 1853. I was nervous at first, but Crimson Charlie pays well. I've never met him, but he's clearly wealthy. I still haven't figured out why he's interested in this stuff. Masks, necklaces, lockboxes, it's mostly worthless. I've started keeping a record of everything though. I'm going to keep digging

August 12th, 1855. I'm now certain it's occult. I was given a box today and told not to open it. but it glows an unnatural red at night, and seems to whisper quietly.

March 10th, 1857. I've been asked to help move a delicate artifact to England, they've paid my passage. Crimson Charlie wants to meet. Apparently, my services are "indispensible". It seems weird, I've been moving these goods for so long, but I've barely spoken to anyone, just letters. How do they know?

October 8th, 1857. England is cold. Crimson Charlie is some British aristocrat called "Lord Williams of Chelsea". So pretentious. He's funding a ship and a crew for me.

August 10th, 1858. It's been five years since I last saw Athirai, she's grown so much. I've hired her to help with my voyage and taking the collection back to England. It's good to see her again.

July 9th, 1859. Lord Williams seems curious about Athirai, he's invited us both to his brother's wedding. It was strange, but it felt rude to decline