Item No. MOOA1245. Notes from journey of Athirai (abridged), Born 1840, Location Unknown

August 20th, 1856, I've decided to keep this journal as I remember Shayagi keeping one as we were growing up. I have not seen Shayagi in a number of years, but if I should die on this journey, I hope this diary will carry on and bring peace to my family. I am venturing up into the Himalayan mountain range. I know I am young, and wildly unprepared, but there is a draw. Like a voice in the back of my head that whispers louder at the name

September 17th, 1856, It has taken nearly a month to reach the a village inside the mountain range, but I can now say I have made it there. I don't know why but the voice is growing louder, like a permanent hum in my mind. I am getting close, I can sense it.

October 9th, 1856. It has been almost three weeks since I arrived in this village, and only now have my effort begun to bare fruit. An old man told me of an old shrine today, further up the mountain from here, built deep into a labyrinth of caverns. There is something powerful there. Is this what is calling me?

November 21st, 1856. I have finally purchased maps of the surrounding ranges but they are incomplete and seemingly inaccurate. Still I am confident I have narrowed the possible area for the cave. Yet I cannot find a guide willing to make the journey this close to winter. I fear I will have to wait out for the spring season, to make an attempt

February 10th, 1857. The village is beautiful, and a family has graciously provided me lodging for the winter as I wait to make my attempt. In return I have been helping with fishing on the open lake. It's striking a body of water so deep and full of such diverse life this far above sea level. 

March 13th, 1857. We found it. I found it. The shrine was built deep into this crevasse and I could sense it as I walked. The guide turned back almost two miles earlier, fearful of this uncharted region, still I kept going. I could feel it. It is beautiful, natural light seems to pour in yet I am unable to locate the source. There are markings and inscriptions I cannot possibly recognise. A statue, of some ancient goddess stood bearing a spear and a gauntlet.  And then, darkness. I woke up. In an empty cavern. Gauntlet on my wrist, spear at my feet, and no shrine in sight

March 17th, 1857. I fear this may be my last entry, since the apparition, an unseasonable heavy storm has blown in, and huge snow has blocked many of the routes down. I am low on supplies and fear they will not outlast the storm. Still as my body grows weaker, I feel my powers grow stronger. I managed to ignite the kindling of the fire through sheer will.

March 19th, 1857. A snow leopard entered my cave in search of refuge from the continuing storm. I've barely the strength to move, yet here I was with a beast to fend off. I lifted the spear to defend myself, but the ferocious feline seemed immediately subdued, behaving more like a house cat than a ferocious predator. Leaving the cave, it returned an hour later with some kind of hare caught between its jaws placing it gently by the fire. I sense this items I hold are beyond the real of humanity

March 21st, 1857, I have survived the storm and made it down the mountain. If I told anyone of my experience they would surely think me mad. No, it is best I tell them that survival was through good fortune alone. I concealed the items in my possession. I shall travel back south to the coast.

August 8th, 1858. Shayagi has returned, with a ship of her own, and a crew. Her employer is keenly interested in the supernatural. Shayagi doesn't know it, but her crew member, Ms Z, is similarly gifted in the supernatural as myself. I have yet to decide if I should reveal this. 

August 14th, 1858. I showed Meg my abilities today. She seemed unphased by it. I've never shown someone else these powers, yet here I am, showing Shayagi and Meg parlour tricks. Still I feel a weight is lifted.

July 8th, 1858. Lord Williams, Shayagi's employer has invited myself, Shayagi, and Meg to the wedding of his brother. I can understand why he might extend such an invitation to Shayagi and Meg, they are after all  his employees and these aristocrats do love large weddings. Still, I am unclear on his motive for inviting myself. Still I accepted, a wedding is a wedding right?